Google classroom <-> Lab Management Portal

Generic Words Of Stakeholder (Mr. Kashif):- 
Students' labs should be merged together
Sir Kashif will mark the marks on the spreadsheet and the marks will be put inside the PDFs
Sir Kashif also wants that on the Lab Management Portal, the combined labs should be present in the form of one pdf for each student

Sir Kashif does Lab Management of:-
1. Marking
2. Inventory management
3. Instrument management
4. Course teaching
5. Working according to PEC requirements
6. Pec guidelines are present in course outline, outline of every course offered, list of expirements, lab inventory, displaying lab staff, displaying time table (made according to courses offered)
7. Structure of a course -> 13 Labs, 16 Week semester, 1 Mid lab, 1 Final lab, So like without Mid and Final there are 14 Weeks
8. There are student manuals (PDFs) of each lab

Main Points of Lab Management Portal:
1. Lab eng
2. Students
3. Courses
4. 13 Labs
5. Each student submits 13 Labs

Marking of Lab:
Lab eng marks the lab (On portal?)
Grade is made automatically
Each student also has to get notification about their weekly marks about each lab (Coding in google spreadsheet)
At the end of semester, each student's labs have to be merged into one PDF -> All 13 labs have to be there, if a student didn't submit one lab, then that lab has to be marked as absent
Mid is optional
Final is obligatory
If a project was done, the project has to be joined with those labs too
Lab 13 is always open ended lab

Blank manual:
There have to be blank manual of each lab, blank manual means that it was not filled by students/ just questions
Blank manual is the lab that the teacher uploads on the google classroom (It is not filled, it only has questions)
So there are two kinds of manuals, student manual and student manual

Sir Asif's Recommendation:
1. Use moodle api for storing of student labs (He said something about drag and drop)
2. Sir also said that there is another team working on notifications

